Anita: Are the inputs the cones or the natural images?
Do not confuse the two. 
Where the cones are is a huge restriction. 

Prelim question: What is a n example experiment I could
come up with for Greg

How does this link to the biology?
How does biology inspire the model and how does the
model inspire biology?
This seems like a concern for Anita since 
90% of cones are L or M. 
<

*** Should include the answers to these questions in the document 

The conceptual novelty of more inputs outputs (What is the 
challenge) is not obvious in the prelim document. 

Reread Baccus paper 

Lindsey: What does proving a negative result entail?

Push myself into having provable hypotheses 

------------------------------------

John: Baccus shows that all you need is feedforward
to account for spikes.

There are some linearities that a model like mine won't be
able to explain.

Do not use ''intelligent design'' language.
What is the system suppposed to be doing? 
Want to choose words carefully. 

My hypothesis is that the existence of ON bistratified 
can be explained by a combination of EC and skew in 
natural images. 

I will verify that the source is X Y Z, by 
changing the statistics of natural images. 
Species with different distribution of natural images statistics,
 this answer will be different. 
Why do monkeys and mice look different?
Their eyes move different, 

Should not say `The retina', there are plenty of retinas
Retinas adapted to different statistics have different 
properties. 

Talk about different properties of DSGCs in different species
, and we can test why that is. 

*** What properties of my model, and what properties of 
natural images create what effects in retina?

We are trying to 
1. See what we can replicate with EC only?
2. If we're missing stuff, it means we're missing principles
What bells and whistles should I add to. 

In physics we spend millions to find small deviations to 
particle physics.

Significance
1. What are the limits to EC?
2. If there are missing principles what are they?
Constraints because of how things get wired up?
Biological functions to optimize?
What experiments I can do in silico and in vivo and what
I'm doing?


John: My model is a model for encoding the world?
What should the system do? We don't make assumptions 
about cone mosaics. What should such a system for processing
images do?

The model should be more general than cone inputs for one
species. We're asking for a normative principle. 
The fact that this approach is wiring agnostic is a strength.
But it can still make predictions about what things do. 

